the situation on bangkok streets is
deteriorating after almost a week of
peaceful demonstrations inside this bus
passengers cower on the floor as
protesters hurl rocks and smash windows
this is the first real sign of trouble
that we've seen pro-government
supporters are being bused in from
around the country and the
anti-government protesters are attacking
their vehicles at least one man has died
from gunshot wounds with others in
hospital this taxi and its passengers
were also targeted
this stadium is where the pro-government
demonstrators are gathering in their
thousands the so-called red shirts are
here to show support the Prime Minister
Yingluck Shinawatra plan now what are
you doing we have to stay still on the
stadium to keep peace like the
government one as she do and on the
other side of town the yellow shirts
this one of the many government
buildings they're occupying they believe
young lack is corrupt just a puppet
controlled by her brother former prime
minister thaksin shinawatra we are here
because we want to show to the
government that we are not you know 75
in their performance we want to change
everything to how do they so start from
the zero the gene black government under
toxin in France must get out it's all
advancing no more talk the yellow shirts
say government house will be there next
high-profile target the army has been
called in to help protect government
buildings Thailand is on edge as its
people realize these demonstrations
won't now have a peaceful conclusion
jonatha sandals Sky News Bangkok